---
layout: post
title: v1.7.2 - Release
categories: [Trizbort, Release]
---

### Enhancements
- Improved the statusbar to make it more extensible in the future.
- Simplified how the zoom widget in the statusbar functions.
- Added caps and num lock indicators to statusbar.
- Added the option to have text break or not break on dashes. (#456)
- added menu item in the View menu to toggle the background map grid (#452)
- Added app settings to control what displays in the tooltip. Can show/hide descriptions and objects. Also can limit how many characters to display in the descriptions (#467)
- shift - right-clck allows panning of the map. The context menu no longer shows when releasing the mouse (#455)


### Fixes

- Add filename to the invalid trizbort file on open of file. There is a bug coming where this message is showing after restart on update of Trizbort and this will help debug this.
- Attempting to open an invalid trizbort file was still marking it as the last loaded project, which could cause it to try and load it again when trizbort reopened. (#442)
- If the last loaded project was from the web, doing a file open (Ctrl-O) would throw up an invalid path error when opening the file open dialog. (#443)
- Fix error when zooming in or out too far. (#447)
- Start/end room properties will not be copied when copying a room, this fixes the issue where we could have more than one start room. (#460)
- fixed issue when saving a file many times in succession can temporarily corrupt the recent map menu list. (#454)
- fixed issues with the handling of "Hand Drawn Edges" and improved the handling of the UI in regards to this setting.
- middle text alignment should now be handled more consistantly. (#473)
- Handle tooltips better when they are displayed and panning the page or moving the room. (#459)
                        

Pick up the this version [here](https://github.com/JasonLautzenheiser/trizbort/releases/tag/v1.7.2).

